Add one-click Private Tangle Tutorial (#843)
iotaledger/documentation: hornet/1.1/tutorials/one-click-private-tangle.md

Now, let's make a small calculation. If we decide to build a Merkle Tree of Depth `20` we could generate `2**20` milestones i.e. `1048576`  milestones. If we set up our Coordinator to emit a milestone every minute (as it is configured by default), we would have `60` milestones per hour and `1440` milestones per day. If we divide `1048576` by `1440` we would have milestones for nearly `2` years. After that time, we would need to regenerate a new Merkle Tree and update all configurations. 

The duration of the calculation of the Merkle Tree for a depth of `20` can typically be around `2` hours for a developer. The Merkle Tree generated for AWS Deployments is `24` (you have milestones for 5 years) and can its generation can take half a day. But once it is done, it is done once and for all. 

> ### Run your Private Tangle
> 
> In this tutorial we will use a Merkle Tree of Depth `16`, that just takes some minutes to be built. To start our Private Tangle through the command line:
> 
> ```console
> ./private-tangle.sh start 16 30
> ```
> 
> The first parameter is the depth of the Merkle Tree and the second parameter is the amount of time (in seconds) to wait for the Coordinator bootstrap step. This step enables the Coordinator to bootstrap by emitting its first milestone as detailed [here](root://hornet/1.1/tutorials/set-up-a-private-tangle-hornet.md#step-3-run-your-private-tangle).
> 
> Behind the scenes, our process will create a seed for the Coordinator, an initial IOTA Address holding all IOTAs, a seed for our Nodes, etc i.e. all the steps described [here](root://hornet/1.1/tutorials/set-up-a-private-tangle-hornet.md), but fully automated. To monitor the Merkle Tree Generation process, the script runs a Web endpoint that you can use to monitor the status through your favorite browser, at `http://localhost:9000/merkle-tree-generation.log.html`. (The page refreshes automatically).
> 
> After the process finishes you should see the following docker containers up and running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run your Private Tangle

In this tutorial, we will use a Merkle Tree of Depth `16`, which only takes some minutes to be built. To start our Private Tangle through the command line:

```console
./private-tangle.sh start 16 30
```

The first parameter is the depth of the Merkle Tree and the second parameter is the amount of time (in seconds) to wait for the Coordinator bootstrap step. This step enables the Coordinator to bootstrap by emitting its first milestone as detailed [here](root://hornet/1.1/tutorials/set-up-a-private-tangle-hornet.md#step-3-run-your-private-tangle).

Behind the scenes, our process will create a seed for the Coordinator, an initial IOTA Address holding all IOTAs, a seed for our Nodes, etc i.e. all the steps described [here](root://hornet/1.1/tutorials/set-up-a-private-tangle-hornet.md), but fully automated. To monitor the Merkle Tree Generation process, the script runs a Web endpoint that you can use to monitor the status through your favorite browser, at `http://localhost:9000/merkle-tree-generation.log.html`(the page refreshes automatically).

After the process finishes you should see the following docker containers up and running:
```

```console
docker ps -a
```

```console
c1958a2918d4        gohornet/hornet              "/sbin/tini -- /app/…"   2 days ago          Up 2 days           0.0.0.0:8081->8081/tcp, 0.0.0.0:14265->14265/tcp, 5556/tcp, 0.0.0.0:15600->15600/tcp   node1
21f7b4a96ccf        gohornet/hornet              "/sbin/tini -- /app/…"   2 days ago          Up 2 days           14265/tcp, 15600/tcp                                                                   spammer
66b218cb08e1        gohornet/hornet              "/sbin/tini -- /app/…"   2 days ago          Up 2 days           15600/tcp                                                                              coo
8a3b1e8f3e9b        nginx                        "/docker-entrypoint.…"   3 days ago          Up 3 days           0.0.0.0:9000->80/tcp                                                                   nginx
```

At this moment you no longer need the NGINX container that allows to monitor the Merkle Tree generation so it will be safe to remove it:

```console
docker-compose stop nginx
```

Alternatively, the following files should have been created for you:

* `merkle-tree.addr`. The public address of the Coordinator. 

> * `coordinator.seed`. The seed of the coordinator. Keep it safe! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `coordinator.seed`. The seed of the Coordinator. Keep it safe! 
```
